hello and welcome to bro jewel for
today's mud spotlight we've got three
mugs
Galia armor set which is silver sword
and the mole more acrobatic jump first
up we have the LIA armor set a new
female light armor added to the game to
craft it you'll need to head to a forge
where you'll find all nine pieces of the
set into the studied category it comes
with everything you'd usually see in an
armor but with additional items like a
front and back pouch bracelets and
shoulder pads the creator wanted the
armor to be as customizable as possible
which is why you separated the items
into separate slots the shoulder pads
for example come in three different
forms left only right only around both
shoulders the pouches are the same you
can either carry one both or neither
however the back pouch is largely
increases your carrying capacity by 50
and the front pouch is smaller
increasingly by 25 so there is a good
reason to carry both and we know a lot
of you aren't big fans of female armors
but this one's a little more polished
and actually fits in quite well in
Skyrim so we thought some of you might
enjoy it
next up is the witches silver swords mud
the mud adds a custom model of the
witches silver sword from The Witcher
RPG games in the form of one-handed
sword and a two-handed great sword
you'll have to find the swords and loot
them from the first big room in
dustman's can so if you follow the
companions quest line you'll definitely
see them the sword uses high-definition
textures and even though it comes from a
completely different game it fits in
well in Skyrim the swords were
originally designed to replace the
vanilla silver swords but the mod
creators recently made a standalone
version of the mod if you don't want to
replace the original textures but still
want this new sword most of the months
that based on The Witcher games have
turned out well so far and this is no
exception and finally we'll be leaving
you with the mobile acrobatic jump mod
the mod replace is the vanilla jumping
backwards animation with the new
backflip animation similar to the
jumping animation model we reviewed last
week however the actual animation with
this mod is a little more fluid and
natural and while this particular
animation might not be for everybody the
extra options are always welcome and
that's it for today's spotlight we have
a dinosaur mod spotlight coming out soon
so look out for that thanks for watching
[Music]